com/my/exercises/projects/PlayCube.java
 com.my.exercises.projects.PlayCube
com/my/test/java/task/second/Student.java
 com.my.test.java.task.second.Student
com/my/task/horus/Wall.java
 com.my.task.horus.Wall
 com.my.task.horus.Wall$1
 com.my.task.horus.Wall$2
 com.my.task.horus.Wall$3
com/my/task/horus/Main.java
 com.my.task.horus.Main
com/my/test/java/task/first/Fibonacci.java
 com.my.test.java.task.first.Fibonacci
com/my/exercises/maths/ASCII.java
 com.my.exercises.maths.ASCII
com/my/task/envelo/second/second/User.java
 com.my.task.envelo.second.second.User
com/my/exercises/maths/Task5.java
 com.my.exercises.maths.Task5
com/my/test/java/task/third/MaxSum.java
 com.my.test.java.task.third.MaxSum
com/my/exercises/Calendar.java
 com.my.exercises.Calendar
com/my/task/others/first/HeapSort.java
 com.my.task.others.first.HeapSort
com/my/exercises/InnerClassTest.java
 com.my.exercises.InnerClassTest
 com.my.exercises.TakingClock
 com.my.exercises.TakingClock$TimePrinter
com/my/test/java/task/third/MaximumSum.java
 com.my.test.java.task.third.MaximumSum
com/my/task/horus/CompositeBlock.java
 com.my.task.horus.CompositeBlock
com/my/exercises/StackTrace.java
 com.my.exercises.StackTrace
com/my/exercises/maths/AddingNumbers.java
 com.my.exercises.maths.AddingNumbers
com/my/test/java/task/second/Calculations.java
 com.my.test.java.task.second.Calculations
com/my/task/horus/Block.java
 com.my.task.horus.Block
com/my/task/envelo/second/second/PinCreator.java
 com.my.task.envelo.second.second.PinCreator
com/my/exercises/maths/Task4.java
 com.my.exercises.maths.Task4
com/my/exercises/projects/Rooms.java
 com.my.exercises.projects.Rooms
com/my/task/envelo/second/first/Example.java
 com.my.task.envelo.second.first.Example
com/my/test/java/task/fourth/Hobbies.java
 com.my.test.java.task.fourth.Hobbies
com/my/task/horus/Structure.java
 com.my.task.horus.Structure
com/my/exercises/ReverseWords.java
 com.my.exercises.ReverseWords
com/my/exercises/maths/NumberTable.java
 com.my.exercises.maths.NumberTable
com/my/test/java/task/second/Grades.java
 com.my.test.java.task.second.Grades
com/my/exercises/ThreeSet.java
 com.my.exercises.ThreeSet
com/my/exercises/maths/Example.java
 com.my.exercises.maths.Example
com/my/task/others/second/GFG.java
 com.my.task.others.second.GFG
